- Package.json is the configuration for npm.

Why Package.json is needed?

-> It is needed to keep track of all the dependencies and dev dependencies.

Initialize NPM
 npm init -y

What is the use of -y in npm init -y?

-> It is used to skip the questions asked by npm init.

Bundler
-> Webpack
-> Parcel
-> Vite

What is the use of bundler?
-> Packages your app properly so that it can be deployed to production.
-> Create react app uses webpack behind the scenes.

-> Parcel will be used in this projects

Install Parcel

npm install -D parcel

What is the use of -D in npm install -D parcel?
-> It is used to install the package as a dev dependency.

Dependency
-2 types
    -> Dev Dependecy
        -generally used for development purpose

    -> Production Dependency
        -generally used for production purpose

Parcel is a beast

While writing the version in package the json we have 

^ -> caret
~ -> tilde

^ -> It will update the major version
~ -> It will update the minor version

Transient Dependencies
-> Dependencies of dependencies

What to put in .gitignore?
-> node_modules
-> .cache
-> All the files which can be regenerated are to be put in .gitignore

If you have package.json and package-lock.json then you can delete the node_modules and run npm install to install all the dependencies.

Igniting our app

-> npx parcel index.html
Parcel builds a development build and serves it on a local server.

npm vs npx
-> npm is used to install packages
-> npx is used to run/executing packages

npm install react
-> It will install react in node_modules

npm i react-dom
-> It will install react-dom in node_modules


We need to tell the browser that the js file is not a normal script file but a module file.

<script type="module" src="./index.js"></script>

In JS File

import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';


# Parcel is a beast

    -> Dev Build
    -> Local Server
    -> HRM (Hot Module Replacement)
            - It will automatically reload the page when we make any changes in the code.
    -> File Watching Algorithm - Built in C++
            - It will watch the files and if any changes are made then it will rebuild the app.

    -> Caching 
            - For faster builds
    -> Image Optimization
    -> Minification
    -> Bundling
    -> Compress
    -> Consistent Hashing( Need to read more about it
    )
    -> Code Splitting
    -> Differential Bundling 
            - It will create different bundles for different browsers.
    -> Diagnostic Messages
    -> Tree Shaking
            - It will remove the unused code from the bundle.
    -> Error Handling
    -> HTTPS
    -> Different build for development and production


    Production Build

    npx parcel build index.html

    Note: remove main from package.json before building the app parcel will automatically run the specified file.

    -> It will create a dist folder which will contain the production build.

    #BrowsersList

    -> It is used to specify which browsers we want to support.

    We need to add browserslist in package.json

    "browserslist": [
        "last 1 chrome version"
    ]

    -> It will definitely support the latest version of chrome and it may or may not support previous versions of chrome and other browsers.

