# Scripts 

We can add scripts on the package.json file which will help the program to run easily.

"scripts": {
    "start": "parcel index.html",
    "build": "parcel build index.html"
  },

Now we can run the program using the command npm run start and build using npm run build.

Instead of doing npm run start we can also write npm start but for build we have to write npm run build.


React.createElement => Object 

When we render it to the DOM then it becomes an HTML element.

#JSX 

-> Javascript syntax which makes it easier to create React elements.
-> We can write React without JSX also.

Create a H1 tag using JSX

const element = <h1>Hello World</h1>

-> JSX is different than HTML. It is not HTML inside JS.
-> It is a HTML like syntax 

JSX (Transpiled by Babel) => React.createElement => Object

In JSX we use className instead of class because class is a reserved keyword in JS.
It uses camelCase.

-> If we have to write multiple lines in JSX then we have to wrap it in ().

#React Components

2 Types

  -> Class Based Components - Old and Nobody Uses it
  -> Functional Components 

#Functional Components

-> Normal JS function which returns JSX.

const headingComponent = () => {
  return <h1>Hello World</h1>
}

-> We can also write it like this

const headingComponent = () => <h1>Hello World</h1>

-> We can also write it like this

const headingComponent = () => (
  <h1>Hello World</h1>
)

Inorder to render the functional component we have to write it like this

`root.render(<headingComponent />)`

-> We can also write it like this

`root.render(headingComponent())`

Render a component inside another component=> Component Composition

const headingComponent2 = () => {
  return <h2>Hello World 2</h2>
}

const headingComponent = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Hello World</h1>
      <headingComponent2 />
    </div>
  )
}

In JSX if we want to write JS then we have to wrap it in {}

const headingComponent = ()=>{
  const name ="Unik";
  return (
    <div>
      <h1> Name : {name}</name>;
    </div>
  )
}


Whenever a data is wrapped inside {} then it sanitizes the data, so it is safe to use.
